# v19

- very rough ideas
- more just brainstorming

- discord voice integration
  - join a voice call with the architect and discuss the work
  - probably use a websockets api for realtime voice?

- automatic push
  - we should add a list of remotes in scriptorium.json
  - every commit to the master / main branch or to the scriptorium/plan branch should push
  - then we can have fully autonomous daemons

- "memory" system?
  - very complicated and hard to get right.
  - I think we could have a docs/ folder in the main repo for memory? eg: if something is seriously important. eg: say codex has a bug and we keep writing bad code that "looks right" but hits the bug and instead has to take a different approach. as a human I already put notes in docs/ so that is a useful pattern?
  - good example: codex does not like json argumnt style for toml to define the mcp server. it does not work. but AI keeps changing it to use the simpler json style thinking it 'optimizing' but keeps breaking it and then tests fail and the AI realizes "oh I broke it, it worked before". I tried to fix this with comments telling AI "no touch" but docs could help with bigger problems?

- "message passing"?
  - other orchestrators have this? but this feels like a very complex bad idea.
  - should brainstorm when this is useful and if it's worth the complexity?
  - I think on the 'happy path' architect should make good choices, managers make good choices, then coders can do the work.
  - ok, but we want message passing when things break. say a coder discovers the architect's plan is bad, like a dependency does not do what we thought it did. it needs a way to message the architect who can fix the spec and the change can propagate back down.
